
Soul Browser Privacy Policy

SoulSoft (here in after referred to as "Company") values the privacy of users and handles them with particular attention.
In order to respect and protect the privacy of users, company has established the following basic principles and adheres to it.

1) Company specifies the purpose of use within the minimum range necessary for collection and processing of user's personal information.
2) Company collects only the minimum information necessary to achieve the specified purpose of use.
3) Company will not use information gathered from users except for collecting purposes unless the user consents or declared by law.


1. Purpose of Personal Information Protection Policy

This Personal Information Protection Policy explains how company manages and protects the user's personal information and explains the rights and options concerning the user's personal information. This Personal Information Protection Policy is applied to personal information collected by the company when the user uses the Soul Browser service (here in after referred to as "the Service").
In order to help understanding of users who do not have Korean as their mother tongue, we may translate company's Privacy Policy into "Translation" and provide it. However, if the content of the translated version contradicts the Korean version of the personal information protection policy, the Korean version will prevail unless otherwise specified.


2. Personal information to be collected

2.1. Google Drive SDK
Collected data : name, email address
Purpose of collection : Access to your Google Drive account when backing up data
* This information is collected by Google.
* Collected only when you access your Google Drive account.
* Users can remove access to their account at any time.

2.2. Google Mobile Ads SDK
Collected data : crash logs, diagnostics, view ads and tap ads, device or other identifiers
Purpose of collection : analytics, advertising or marketing
* This information is collected by Google.
* Most of the information collected is about advertising status.
* Collected only the minimum information necessary for advertising operation.
* Ad removal feature is provided. If you remove ads, no information is collected.


3. Google Drive

Soul Browser supports Google Drive to store backup data of app.
Soul Browser does not use Google Drive for any purpose other than storing backup data.
Soul Browser complies with Google Drive terms and conditions.

Users can store their backup data in the following locations
Settings > Backup > Google Drive > Import / Export


4. Rights and exercise methods of users and legal representatives

Users can withdraw their consent to collect and use personal information through deletion of the application at any time.
For children under the age of 14, the legal representative reserves the right to withdraw the consent to collect and use the child's personal information.

* Special attention regarding children of US citizenship
This service covers ordinary adult users and does not cover minors under the age of 13 ("children").
Company does not deliberately collect personal information to children by understanding the special need to protect children's online privacy. However, if the user thinks that company is collecting personal information to children, please use company to contact us. If you want to send mail to company, please refer to the following e-mail address.
If it is confirmed that the company collected personal information from the child by mistake not intended, the company will take reasonable measures to solve the problem promptly.


5. Questions / Opinions / complaints related to management of personal information

If you have any questions related to your personal information, please contact us below.
Soul Browser Mail : soulbrowser.com@outlook.com

* Republic of Korea
If you need to declare or consult about infringement of other personal information, you can contact the following organizations.
1) Personal Information Infringement Declaration Center (privacy.kisa.or.kr / no station number 118)
2) Cyber Investigation Division, Big Prosecutor's Office (www.spo.go.kr / no station number 1301)
3) Cyber safety office of the National Police Agency (cyberbureau.police.go.kr / no station number 182)


6. Change of personal information protection policy

Company frequently uses company's Privacy Policy for various reasons, such as improving the processing procedures of user's personal information, reflecting changes to company's services, or complying with related laws You can change.


Last updated : August 17, 2024
