
Soul Browser Terms of Service

This agreement shall be governed by Terms and Conditions concerning the use of the Soul Browser Service (here in after referred to as "the Service") provided by SoulSoft (here in after referred to as "Company") between Customer (here in after referred to as "Customer") using this Service and company It will be decided.
In order to help understanding of users who do not have Korean as their mother tongue, we translate and provide this company's Terms to "Translation" in some cases. However, if the content of the translated version contradicts the Korean version of the Terms of Use, the Korean version will prevail unless otherwise specified.


1. I agree with the terms of service

1.1. Customers need to use this service based on the provisions of these Terms. You are permitted to use this service only if you have validly and irrevocably agreed to these Terms.
1.2. If you are a minor, please use this service after obtaining the consent of a legal representative such as a custodian.
1.3. By actually using this service, you are deemed to have validly and irrevocably agreed to these Terms.


2. Change of terms

2.1. In case of judging by company that it is necessary, company can change this agreement at any time without prior notice of the customer. After the change, this agreement will become effective from the time when it is posted in an appropriate place in the website operated by company, Even after this agreement is changed, it is deemed that you have validly and irrevocably agreed to the changed terms by continuing to use this service. Since these changes can not be notified individually to the customer, please frequently see the latest agreement when using this service.


3. Service provision

3.1. When it is judged that company is necessary, you can change the contents of all or part of this service at any time without notice of customer's prior notice and can stop the offer.


4. Advertisement placement

4.1. Company can post advertisement of company or third party to this service.


5. Security regulations

5.1. If this app is installed via a path other than the Play Store, it may not function properly.


6. Prohibited matter

You are not allowed to do the following stated actions while using this service.
6.1. Acts that violate laws, court rulings, decisions, or command or administrative measures that are legally binding.
6.2. Acts that infringe company or third party's copyrights, trademark rights, intellectual property rights such as patent rights, honor rights, privacy rights and other laws or contractual rights.


7. Customer's responsibility

7.1. You are required to use this service at your own risk, and we are totally responsible for all actions and results made in this service.
7.2. Company assumes no obligation to prevent or correct these violations.
7.3. Due to the use of this service (including the case where company received a complaint from a third party due to these uses) company receives any direct or indirect damage (including the burden of attorneys' fees) If so, the customer will compensate for this immediately in response to company's request.


8. Company Disclaimer

8.1. Company does not explicitly or implicitly guarantee that there is no practical or legal flaw(Including safety, reliability, accuracy, integrity, effectiveness, compliance with specific purposes, defects related to security, errors and bugs, infringement of rights, etc.) in this service. company will not be obliged to provide you with this service by removing these defects.
8.2. Company is not responsible for any damage caused to the customer by this service.


9. Governing law

9.1. This agreement makes Korean as authentic text and shall be governed by the laws of the Republic of Korea.


Last updated : December 30, 2019
